readme updates (#28)
aerospike/aerospike-vector-search-examples: prism-image-search/README.md

| PROXIMUS_NAMESPACE          | test               | The aerospike namespace for storing the image records and index |
| PROXIMUS_INDEX_NAME         | prism-image-search | The name of the  index                                          |
| PROXIMUS_MAX_RESULTS        | 20                 | Maximum number of vector search results to return               |

> | PROXIMUS_IS_LOADBALANCER    | False                 | Determines weather the client should use a load balancer     |

Reviewer: It might make sense to be a little detailed here. The client doc says https://github.com/aerospike/aerospike-proximus-client-python/blob/main/src/aerospike_vector_search/client.py#L32-L40

```suggestion
| PROXIMUS_IS_LOADBALANCER    | False                 |                 If true, the first seed address will be treated as a load balancer node.```
